(lib/text/info)

[Note: Further information can be gained on the capitalized words by using the
HELP-command]

Classes, skills, and guilds:

When you enter the game the first time, you are asked to select a class; either
THIEF, WARRIOR, CLERIC, or MAGIC user. Characters belonging to each of these
classes have their own qualities, abilities, and handicaps.
   It is not unusual that people belonging to different classes, by joining
their efforts and combining their skills, find their chances of survival and
progress greatly improved. Indeed, a team consisting of members from all four
classes can be an extremely powerful unit; capable of opening doors without
keys, creating food supplies out of nothing, and destroying an enemy in
several different ways. It is not advisable for a new player to offend the
members of such a group!

In order to learn the tricks of your specific trade, you need to find your
GUILD, which may take a little exploring. However, you can usually find a 
guild in any reasonably populated city. Once you've found it, you need to
look up your guildmaster and PRACTICE.

Equipment:

It is never wise to travel without the proper equipment. You may purchase this
in the SHOPS found in any larger city, or you may be lucky and find some left
around, dropped by someone who doesn't need it anymore, for one reason or
another.

About Staying Fit - Eating and Drinking:

At one time or another, you'll see the message "You are hungry". This means
that it's time to find something edible before too long. People don't starve
to death in this world, so have no fear. However, when you are hungry, you do
not build up lost energy, so eventually you'll be unable to do anything but sit
around and feel sorry for yourself, until someone comes by. Then, you can only
hope that it's a benevolent person, rather than a greedy thief or a warrior
lusting for blood.

General hints:

 See help on the group command.
 See help on the consider command.
 See help on resting.
 See help on your class (magic user, cleric, warrior or thief). 
 
 See Also: HELP
