(lib/text/policies)

                          Mad Mike's MUD Policy Statement

Last modification: Sun Apr 17 2022

Prohibited Actions:
The following actions are prohibited, and anyone caught breaking these rules
will be subject to punishments such as imprisionment, being made an outcast,
character deletion or a site ban.

1.  Do not crash the game.
This is punishable by every possible punishment under the law.  Crashers ruin
the game for everyone, so if you are on during a crash and suspect that
another character may have been the cause, please mail an immortal.

2.  Do not sell quest or training items.
The quests and training are a vital part of the game, and players are
encouraged to share information, go on quests together, and share quest items.
However, you should never sell or purchase _any_ quest or training item.

3.  Do not drag aggressive monsters.
Intentionally bringing aggressive monsters into areas that they do not belong
is prohibited.  

4.  Do not flood or 'spam' other players.
The best way to handle this is to ignore the player, and allow an immortal to
deal out the punishment.  This includes, but is not limited to, repeated
flashes and emotes.

5.  Do not multi-log.
This is to insure that everyone has equal access to the game.  This does not
mean that you can't have multiple characters, just that you should concentrate
on playing _one_ at a time.  Do not log in more than one of your characters
at a time!  This is regardless of the number of accounts or computers you
have at your disposal.  Strange things have been known to happen to characters
that abuse this policy.  NOTE: For policy purposes a log into the queue is
considered a log into the game, and queue loading will be dealt with severely.

6.  Do not use robots on the game.
One of the most enjoyable aspects of MUD's is the interaction between players.
Robots upset the balance of the game, and require the scenario to be made more
difficult to accomodate them.

7.  Do not skip level quests or power level for your class.
Many classes are required to accomplish some task in addition to gaining
enough experience and gold to level.  Power leveling is considered illegal and
may result in you being trapped in a training room, or killed.

8. Do not share characters.
We are tired of getting mail from people complaining that their character was
stolen/killed by someone they were 'sharing' their character with.  If you are
caught sharing a character, the character will be deleted and you could be
jailed.

Player Etiquette:
The following actions are not prohibited, but are discouraged because they
lessen the enjoyment of the game for other players.  Consistent abuse of good
etiquette will also earn punishment.

1.  Do not get all.
You should not get more than you deserve, especially since other players have
usually worke hard to get whatever it is you are grabbing.

2.  Do not summon players unknowingly to aggressive monsters.
The best lesson here is to 'set nosummon', and if you are going to be
summoned, be sure that it is by someone you can trust.

3.  Please do not use excessively foul language.
It is good to remember that the other players on the game are actually real
people, and that the use of excessive racist, sexist, or foul language may
offend some people.  If you are unable to control yourself, refrain from using
such remarks when you broadcast.  This also includes the use of character
names.

Note on the Economy:
The economy and commerce of the MUD is a product of players interaction.  As
immortals we have no interest in attempting to control the  "invisible hand"
of market forces, or imposing rules upon commerce.  With this noted, we offer
the following advice:  Caveat emptor or let the buyer beware!

Special Events:
Occasionally immortals run special events, such as invasions, raving monsters,
quests, or holiday events.  Many of these events can prove harmful and
dangerous to low level characters.  ENGAGE IN THESE EVENTS AT YOUR OWN RISK!
If you have any doubts, run and hide or log off for a while. 

Immortal Policies:
As you may imagine, running a MUD does take quite a bit of time and effort to
do well.  At this time Mad Mike's MUD is running with a minimal crew of
immortals.  Please do not expect a great deal of interaction or help from us
since we are rarely on, and when we are it is to take care of matters critical
for the functioning of the MUD.  If you have a problem, please try to solve it
within the game community.  If your problem is something that necessitates the
attention of an immortal, please mail us, and wait patiently.  We realize that
it would be better if immortals were regularly available, and ask that you
understand that we can no longer devote large amounts of time to interacting
with players. In addition, please note that an immortal is the ultimate
authority on matters of policy.  An immortal may make a policy statement on a
matter not expressly stated in this policy.  If you feel that a policy
decision made by an immortal is unresonable, then you may appeal to the other
immortals for a ruling.

Punishment:
Punishment can include imprisonment, being made an outcast, character
deletion or a site ban. Any of the above crimes can be punished with any of
these punishments or a combination of these punishments.

Players who have caused excessive problems will be made outcasts.  Outcasts
should be shunned and killed whenever possible.  Outcasts may be killed by any
other player and will find no haven until they are killed.  Any law abiding
player who recovers a token of death of an outcast may turn it in to an
immortal for a bounty. Outcasts are denoted with a (O).

This file is subject to change without notice and players are encouraged to
check it frequently.  Ignorance is no excuse. 

Based on the Isengard MUD (Mordor codebase) policy statement.
